# Project Management Committee Meeting 2021-04-26

### Attendance:
The attendance have reached quorum with 9 participants in the meeting.

### Agenda:

 1. Review the actions from last meetings
 2. Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight
 3. Open discussion


### Review the actions from last meetings:
Topic 1: Proposal to add DL-Lite and Tiny-TVM components to the AI subsystem
1. The DL-Lite component repository will be under the level 3 directory, which is at the same level as ai_engine.
2. There are some issue need to confirm:
 - 2.1 Creat PR to add AI-SIG and add the repository infromation; owner: [@maoyong](maoyong5@huawei.com)
 - 2.2 After DL-Lite and Tiny-TVM components upstream to OpenHamrony, need to provide test unit to ensure function correctness; owner: [@niexin](niexin.nie@huawei.com), [@hantongshuai](hantongshuai@huawei.com)
 - 2.3 Providing advertorials and introduction to Software Usage for DL-Lite and Tiny-TVMProduct promotion, to ensure that the componment could be used correctly; owner: [@shenbo](shenbo@huawei.com), [@maoyong](maoyong5@huawei.com)
 - 2.4 Need to confirm repository address for AI_Engine and DLLite-Micro's document material; owner: [@yangni](https://gitee.com/neeen)
 - 2.5 After the conclusion is made at the TMG meeting for component of Tiny-TVM, decided at the next time PMC meeting; owner: [@maoyong](maoyong5@huawei.com), [@Vinod Kumar](vinods.kumar@huawei.com)

 
Topic 3: Proposal for the construction of the public developer development board incubation pool
1. Agree to create the vendor_oh_fun repository under the sig-devboard to carry and incubate development board with orientation of "interest, low barriers, and sense of achievement".
2. When the incubation project graduates, it enters the OpenHarmony master branch.


Topic 4: Review of OpenHamony security requirements (secure coding specifications, security design specifications, community version network quality requirements)
1. The feasibility of the specifications needs to be considered, for example, how to effectively implement secure coding specifications and security design specifications in actual development. owner: [@yujing](jing.yu@huawei.com)

Topic 5: sig-devboard progress report
1. Agree to the proposal of creating repository stm32l4r9i_disco under sig-devboard; owner: [@likailong](https://gitee.com/kkup180)
2. Ask Liang Kelei and Liu Jianyu to support the development of sig-devboard.  owner: [@liangkelei](https://gitee.com/xzmu)
3. Periodically update devboard sig's routine operation discussions and meeting minutes to [@sig-board](https://gitee.com/openharmony/community/tree/master/sig/sig-devboard/meeting.md). owner: [@likailong](https://gitee.com/kkup180)

Topic 6: Decision for the proposal of sig-OTA
1. Postponed to the next PMC meeting.  owner: [@Jianyu](https://gitee.com/L97229) [@zhangxiaotian](https://gitee.com/handyohos)

# Review the issues and PRs from the community which need to higlight


### Open discussion
